VLANs: recommend using separate streams, not separate connections (#39)
ietf-wg-masque/draft-ietf-masque-connect-ethernet: draft-ietf-masque-connect-ethernet.md

## IEEE 802.1Q VLAN tagging {#vlan-recommendations}

While the protocol as described can proxy Ethernet frames with IEEE 802.1Q VLAN

> tags, it is RECOMMENDED that individual VLANs be proxied in separate streams,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tags, it is RECOMMENDED that individual VLANs be proxied in separate Ethernet proxying requests,
```

Author: Added in d96c956.
